Im creating a remote administration tool for two local personal machines on my network
I also want to practice my coding skills so im taking a diff approach and creating my own protocols and will be using raw sockets/
My first step is to estblush a connection with my second machine through port knocking.
 the program im making which will be my own internal admisistration tool.

There will be two programs hosta and host b. Host a will be the control center where i will be able to connect to host b by first port knocking as i dont want to leav ports open on my other machine.
it sends 3 syn packets to specific ports which host b recognizes using scapy. when it receives these three it means they ar eboth conencted now. which means host b will now transition from lookin for port knocks to instead no process incoming commands from hosta.

Right now i jsut ahave  basic portnkocking connection thing setup for both but i want to now change it to what my end context will be as that ws hust a test code to see if port knocking works at a fundamental level.

I need hosta to display a mmenu when it starts. it will hav numbered options of connect to hostb, disconnect from hostb, uninstall from hostb, transfer ifle to hostb, transfer a file from hostb, watch file on hostb, watch a directory on hostb, run a program on hostb

when u start the hosta program it will keep presenting this menu. for now just make the menu so it displays and then link my existing code to the connect option. when i press 1 and enter it should inistate the port knocking sendin the packets. for host b when i stats it should just automatcially look for the port knoc packets first thing as t does now. 

when i press connect from the menu. it should jump intot he connect tage and print out it sent the three packets and then add aconfirmation coming back from host b which it doesnt have right now saying connection established. use raw socket to send the ack and then process it in the connection phase. once connected succefully or if it fails thenr eturn tot the menu so i can enter my next option.

u dont have to code the othe rmenu options yet. 

step 2
now that the menu has been added. for the other options to work i first need to establsha communication channel.
i want to use raw sockets and i do not want to use payloads to commnucate. i want my two personal machines o commuicate using ehader fields 
instead. I want to use the icmp identifier and sequence fields. The identified field will represent the data im sending, and the sequence will be the packet order it comes in . if it requireds say 100 packets to fit the data
into the identifier field thent he sequence for each packet can be represtended int he other field.
Im doing it this way because i want to practice for a situation where my compute cant read the payload and also repurpose those header fields to save data and overal practice my networking raw socket ability.

for example, the first thing i will be sending through this channel would the command. for example, if i send 2 for disconnect. the host b should be able to decipher receiving the command and then deciphering that a 2 was received then initiate the disconnecion process.
so after ost a port nocks succssfully, host b should have flag for CONNECTED=true then transition to a wait for command phase. then when it receives it decipher it from the icmp identfier and sequence field.
I also want to encrypt my data before i add it to the fields . First just start with the disconnect command which will send an encrypted '1' fit into the icmp idtenfier field with a sequence of 1 int he sequence field indicating its the first one. no need to encrypt the sequence number.

after this has been established the communication channel. then i can work on transfering a file. when a file is tranferred to my other machine,
it will get the bytees, encrypt it and then pack it into as many icmp packets it needs with matching sequence numbers and thn the host b will get them in order and decipher it. but first lets just get the disconnect working which first requires the commands to be sent . fwhile host b waits for command depending on what it receives there should be a an if block for each command

step 3
ok now i want to clean up my code structure a bit. 

i want both program to kind of run like a fsm where it stransitions function to function. so each function iwill have a specific purpose and all code relative tot hat fsm step will stay contained there

right now i have so amny random fucntions in both
i want to keep the same functionality but reroganzie the code

first make sure u use argeparse in both programs instead of raw command line

for hosta
have a parse_args function that parses command line args ursing arge parse and then saves them to a context dataclass respsnible for storing program data with a field for it.
then do ahndle arge for validating them and preparing for use.
then do a diplay menu function.
then a establish session fucntion which does th eocnnection using port knocking and sets the conenected flag which is also somethign that would get stored in its own context field.
then do send_command.
Also keep a error message thing in context that whenver error occurs it saves tot hat context field and then add a error function that would execute to print it and exit cleanly

for host b do the same parse args, handle args, wait_for_session, estblish_session, listen_for_command, error

step 4
lets do the trasnfer a file to host b now. i wil add a transfer.txt file, i want u to now write the code that if option tranfer a file to hot b command is sent, host b sends an ack saying its ready for it. 
then it packs the txt file depending on how big it is into however many packets it needs to bfit into the identifier field and numbers the pckets send it over and host b reeives them all and reproduces the file in its main directory